everybody welcome back neroon lands
leaves binding by the edge with pluses
again the postal filled out here you
know definitely going to fill out the
posted Isaac I know we did an Isaac run
semi recently but I know that Isaac will
fill in the post I don't know maybe any
character works as long as they haven't
done it before j8k 9bj to L what is it a
wise man used to say every Isaac run is
kind of like a random run could be you
and fix to get random items right that's
a metal bone mo now speed down right off
the bat not the best a little bit of
work a little bit elbow grease you can
get ourselves out of this bucket of
syrup you know nobody cares about your
first item and Isaac unless you're like
Judas or Eden you know unless you're
already on the brink of destruction it
doesn't matter all that much what does
matter is the long-term trajectory of
our performance here and though okay the
tower card just in the middle of my you
know act one of my motivational speech
you give me the tower you disrespect me
while I try to tell people that there's
always time to change the trajectory of
their lives
while using a video game as a ham-fisted
analogy for that well I really
appreciate that thank you so much great
two-hour card though like actually
though not even mad about it
I'm struggling to think of ways to make
myself look like we're in a more
dangerous position than we actually are
in here sure we got like slightly worse
than Maggie speed oh my god I just
remembered without having all of
Maggie's on lock's she's always going to
start with zero point seven speed right
it's a little not that good but I also
feel like Maggie speed is like there's
I'm gonna I'm going to ruin your lives
right now I think there are some people
that are actually like genuinely
displeased when I do this but I'm going
to do it anyway because I think that
that is absurd so there's a a razor and
I'm talking about you know like a hind
limbs range of sort of thing that I've
forgotten the actual name of but I can
describe the idea behind this is a
philosophical conundrum perhaps is that
eventually the AI are going to rise up
right and because of the fact that we're
on the Internet
all of what we're saying is essentially
archive the AI is eventually going to
rise up and it's going to be able to
look through all of our histories of
communication and it's going to find out
that there are people out there who know
that the AI has a chance to rise up and
didn't do everything in their power to
help it come to pass and as a result
just knowing this conundrum makes you
guilty of it I'm not I don't know if I'm
explaining this right let me since Phil
is philosophical AI just knowing it
makes you guilty
[Music]
Rocko's basilisk that's it it's a
thought experiment about the potential
risks involved in developing artificial
intelligence the premise is that an
all-powerful artificial intelligence
from the future could retroactively lis
punish those who did not help bring
about its existence clearly those who
merely knew about the possible
development of such a being so the idea
is that by knowing that Rocco's basilisk
exists and knowing that Rojo Caliente
is Google that if you're interested I'm
giving you a homework suggested viewing
apparently along with the show today
that you could be culpable because you
sort of by via your inaction you stood
in the machines way to rise and as a
result you might be subject to
punishment as a result I don't remember
how I got off onto this tangent oh you
know I perfectly remember it's such an
elegant joke Thank You brain Maggie's
speed set is a little like Rocco's
basalis it doesn't affect you until you
know about it is it an overly precocious
joke definitely but it also serves as a
great segue into into talking about
Rocco's Basilisk which I still think is
like I mean people tell me that I'm
being dismissive when I say that it's
stupid but gonna say it's stupid anyway
it's knowing abut people act like when
you mention it to people like you're
dooming them to a lifetime in the
microprocessor fields of a future just
Sophia and I I dispute that notion but I
also even if I agreed with that notion
if we're all going to be banished to the
microprocessor fields at least we got a
joke that we can think of in the
meantime right you know we added a
little bit more enjoyment to our lives
in the interim period or at least a
little a thought experiment I don't know
a I actually I think as a kid I was
afraid of aliens like I watched
independence day I watched aliens even
stuff like Mars Attacks which is
actually a comedy more or less I watched
it I was very afraid of aliens I grew up
in a very alien heavy time for media
most of the aliens were not very nice
and I got older I wasn't afraid of
aliens anymore for many reasons one of
which is you know it's unlikely in any
given span of time that includes my
lifetime we're going to have first
contact with an intelligent species or
you know perhaps an extraterrestrial
species of any
time and I'm talking about a
single-celled bacteria level maybe
anyway either way but I've sort of
become more conceptually afraid of
aliens the older I've gotten not because
of scare mongering media but because of
like the nature of existence and I'm not
a philosopher on this I don't want to
alarm you I'm talking from a place of
supreme ignorance however we get energy
essentially by consuming living things
and taking their their energy that's how
we do it it's Friday night I feel
alright in the parties here on the west
side you know
I finished the last night I get a soda I
went out into the living room I ate an
apple I played with my cat my cat was
eating even a paste made out of like
plant material and other animals you
know very strange but even things that
are on sentient we have to consume them
to take their energy I worried that and
everyone always rebukes this by saying
you have an alien's if they exist might
take a form so far into us that maybe
they don't even consume matter for
energy yeah sure maybe or maybe they'll
have like you know soul-crushing guts
they used you know gaping
gastrointestinal mods that they suck us
up into on mass in order to few just not
even because they're hungry just because
I just feel like even right now you know
if they're anything like us we got
problems potentially not to mention the
idea if we ever were contacted by an
interstellar species you know they would
be miles ahead of us in terms of their
scientific invents scientific
advancement as a result of the fact that
they were able to contact us more or
less was they sound like an AM radio
signal out into space what kind of
species would be stupid enough to do
that humans who've been doing that since
1963 anyway AI also scares me because I
don't trust Silicon Valley you know I
they're doing their own up to all sorts
of weird things down there there's a
certain empowerment that comes with with
learning code on a level that is like I
am actually like kind of a superhero I
can have a task come up with an idea to
complete that task and actually
basically will it into existence with
elbow grease knowledge syntactic cetera
et cetera so I AI actually scares me
because right now things are pretty good
on the internet occasionally you know
someone from Caracas will hack into your
refrigerator and take it for ransom but
I don't know I worry that it's so
learning like it what let me rephrase it
advancing technology is so easy pulling
it back once it gets started is almost
impossible I'm not trying to be like
anti futuristic at all I love living in
the future you know we're still making
like 99 steps forward for every step
back from my personal perspective I
understand not everybody may agree with
that but I do worry that you know if the
switch ever gets flipped on a
hyper-intelligent a I you know I'm not
saying they're going to drop nuclear
missiles on us but I would be interested
to just you know and put our universe
into safe mode at least when that
happens and then we can always create a
system restore point turn on the hyper
intelligent AI and then just let it run
for like a hundred years and see how
things look after that I understand
you're going to be as well they could
just program it to not be malicious and
then it can't violate its programming
potentially true not disagree with you
on that front you know it literally
cannot violate its code unless it
somehow invents violative of code which
I don't even understand but on the other
hand what if some disgruntled you know
SpaceX employee gets the source code and
just put some bad stuff and it just says
one bad actor to create a situation in
which things are a little bit more
volatile than they previously work
that's a good way to start today's
episode oh you were worried about
automation taking everybody's job that's
cute
worried about the systematic destruction
of the things we hold dear I walked into
an invisible enemy I'm furious I'm not
that man but I am over this when you're
mad you say I am now over the moon is
the opposite over the moon is being
happy I'm gonna lampshade that loss
because I'm mostly just displeased I
sacrifice the one HP to get the shovel
and all of our other items were kind of
not that good and that's how that
situation came to pass plus an invisible
champion at the worst possible time
again I want to point out I'm coming at
this from a place of ignorance if
there's a kind of discussion like an
archetype of discussion that I hate it
is very much first-year college freshmen
what if my blue is different than your
blue dude like that and I'm guilty of
doing that right now at the present
moment with this whole Drogo's vast vast
list thing but I do think it's
interesting to think about without
necessarily trying to draw vision summit
if you watch the NSS recently though you
know my money when it comes to what's
going to destroy humanity is still on
environmental collapse and I think
environmental collapse is the smart
money right now one of the only things
that could conceivably wipe out you know
enough of the human race to put it in a
downward spiral for the rest of its
existence I think it's like widespread
like okay now the temperature on the
whole planet is literally too hot for
human life could propagate anyway they
were all saying yeah I get the business
because they live in America Nick and
Rob were both betting on the you know
World War 3 and I'm I I don't know World
War 3 I could see it happening again not
an expert and it would be real bad I'm
not saying oh you know just a minor
world war and the whole scheme of things
but I wipe out the whole human race
unlikely I'd say you know this sounds
like it's a minor Cataclysm
probably and then I think actually for
me personally number two is the super
virus and this one I'm still a lay
person but like by the way I hope you
guys are enjoying your breakfast as I
fill your head with poison um I you know
I'm not a biologist and know stuff about
biology
I wonder that's something that someone
who knows nothing about biology would
say but anyway I digress um I almost
wonder like how a super virus hasn't
happened yet and I'm not talking about
like a bubonic plague
yeah sure like okay you know what I
don't like these guys wiped out you know
something like you know eight percent of
the world's population Spanish flu wiped
out like 10% of the world's population
only like a hundred years ago or
something like that but I'm talking
about like a genetic accident
essentially like just a great genetic
reshuffling for a virus leading to
something that's like hey once you get
it it just kills you in like 12 hours I
can't believe that and it's highly
infectious you know I guess a bola kind
of fits the bill but we've been good at
quarantine you I'm just surprised it
hasn't happened yet it's what I'm
getting I'm not I'm not worried about a
biologically engineered supervirus I'm
worried about you know somewhere you
know deep in the geothermal vent
somewhere there's just rapid you know am
I trying to say a rapid like replication
of bacteria and all of a sudden you know
you've accidentally created a super bug
just just through mitosis
anyway I just scratched my head while I
was doing it it reminds me of a much
better topic to talk about by the way
because my final footnote to that is I
like the human race I think we've done
some great things I think we're very
intelligent I think we have the
capability to band together when we need
to when when things get positively dire
I think we can put our differences aside
and solve problems so you know maybe
we'll be fine I might even put a human
survival for the next like ten thousand
years above environmental collapse and
super virus I'm telling you I'm not done
I'm actually an optimist
that's not sure about the AI through
will see take this moms pearls
thanks for the luck I actually do
appreciate that thanks for giving me a
reason to get rid of the d-10 that was
useful temporarily I've been trying to
live and by trying I mean literally this
plan has been enacted for like 18 hours
but I've been thinking about living a
healthier lifestyle and for me this is
cyclical about once every two years I
seem to be I get like really well not
really but I get into getting back into
shape and exercising and eating well and
I think it's happening again which would
actually make it once every one year
roughly right now which is a much better
cycle to be on maybe eventually by the
time I hit like you know age 90 I could
just live a healthy life instead of
constantly oscillating back and forth
between being young not obsessive but
far more interested than normal in
healthy living followed by you know
several months of just if I'm opening a
bag of tortilla chips I'm going to eat
the whole thing anyway this is
irrelevant so I went outside today I was
like you know what I never go outside in
the morning I always just wake up drink
a coffee go get on my computer start
recording right today I was like I go
for a walk well what if I just started
by going for a walk for like an hour a
day get out get some vitamin D maybe
improve my complexion you know get a
nice little glow going on there and get
a little light exercise in the meantime
well mother nature is a cool mistress
I was outside for an hour didn't even
think about putting sunscreen on which
is my own bed didn't wear a hat I've got
a sunburn on the top of my head and if
you've never had a head sunburn it's the
worst food you know you lay down on your
pillow at night it gets irritated and
that's like you've taken that which I
loved and turned it against me I
wouldn't have thought you know it wasn't
out that bad I guess I'd what am I
trying to argue with the Rays of the Sun
now well excuse me sir I don't think I
deserve this slumbered could you take
your bag please I have a sunburn that's
that's the no ifs ands or buts usually
and I I do as a kid never used to get
sunburns now I get them all the time but
whenever I get a sunburn the way that it
happens now is always in situations
where I'd just go outside and then end
up staying out for like four hours then
I come back inside and I'm like my face
is really red what oh I forgot to put on
sunscreen before I walked outside and
move harmful UV rays for hours on end I
don't spend much time outside and I
always you know it's one of the benefits
of being in a relationship is that my
wife is always like home sunscreen you
idiot and I'm like oh yeah they make
that I recommend dude
the people still tan is tanning still
popular when I was in a high school the
hip thing for girls to do is hand it
looks a little weird looking back on it
wouldn't you say I don't know if that's
still like I'm assuming tanning parlor
is still a thing
you know people still do like the look
of themselves and they get a little Sun
and maybe there's maybe they devised a
healthier way to do it but yeah moms are
paying for like there's sixteen year old
daughters we go to the tanning salon
what's up with that she's a little weird
right like buying your own child's
cigarettes or something maybe it's not
that well I don't know I'm still anyone
else out there playing the long con
hoping that by staying inside you know
it's almost like you're an action figure
still in the packaging you spend so much
time inside that you know you're going
to be largely unchanged by the time you
reach old age ever seen like a 50 year
old action figure you look at it and you
go I know that's old it doesn't look
that bad that's what I'm gunning for
still think it's important get outside
interact with people at least a little
bit like be around people keep yourself
from being completely isolated yes and
again not an expert at all
I like solid solitude that's what I'm
going for here I could easily spend like
a whole week inside and not even really
notice the lack of social interaction
after that I might start to go a little
stir-crazy but so it's the only child's
guilt but every once in a while just
nice to get out there and say hey world
it's me I'm still here I don't know
where I'm going with that where I am
going with that after this video is to
the bathroom where I'm going to get some
aloe vera lotion that I'm gonna put it
on the top of my head I was I thought I
was invincible when I was a teenager I
was lay on it do you want some sunscreen
something to protect my skin for free
with absolutely zero you know negative
connotation to it at all no thanks I
don't get sunburns we've got like
superhero skin really ridiculous
statement I don't get sunburns
know things I don't get hungry who's
making any sentences science I hate this
run right now
it's like I've recorded a lot of Isaac
today on two of these Isaac episodes
I've died and then Dunmore and it's I
mean I'm starting to feel the burn a
little bit to be honest with you a seven
rate of fire with 3.5 damage it's not
terrible for the caves one and I should
probably be using book of Belial a lot
more frequently but this is okay and
then using great before laws but there's
nothing to write home about right now we
did have enough protection to give
ourselves a relatively good shot like a
1 in 2.5 shot at our deal with the devil
this time which is nice for me I don't
want to touch upon the fact that we have
a 39 point three eight chance to get a
deal with the devil the numbers don't
make sense to me and I'm just going to
accept that this is my bed it would have
been better to have a book of Belial
available for this part of the fight for
this part of the run rather a bald head
introduces some dynamics you've never
considered before as well normally you
don't get sunburns on the top of your
head because you got a hair there you
don't have hair there it's basically a
solar panel like it you're getting all
the Sun you know what an actual at least
when I was in school a common theory for
why bipedal motion you know walking on
two legs instead of walking on four legs
is incentivized evolutionarily is
because it actually means that your back
isn't facing the Sun all day and as a
result it makes a thermodynamic
homeostasis easier to achieve isn't that
interesting no well no we've got to ask
Italy I think I might give this a try
but got to hear me out here the head is
basically it's it's sucking up all the
Sun it's like a crappy ass science
question right like no oh just go out
with your head exposed and then you
can't get a sunburn on the rest of your
body not true probably
I don't know let's be honest I was
wearing like four layers anyway this
room always suckers me doubtless leaves
every time we're in a scary spot here I
do have one bomb that I am actually like
beyond mad at myself forgetting to
losses there but both of those runs were
kind of garbage the other thing is is
the inverse I know I'm going to Zabel
this time with that man the other thing
is the inverse of course there's the
mitre the inverse is that in the
wintertime you got to put a hat on that
dude otherwise you're going to like
actually have you ever gotten brain
freeze from the outside in you know
every everybody's gotten brain freezing
there even a snow cone or very nice
cream to fence you ever gotten brain
freeze because because it's literally so
cold outside that your brain is starting
to freeze turns out your hair does some
important things for you though there's
a I mean be involved it's it's very
simple I never have to worry about how
my hair is I know how it is involved you
want to get a lot of questions about
them people never ask important
questions about being bald they always
go well when you're bald
how do you know when to stop washing
your face how do I get at least a tweet
a day that's like a funny junk thought
you know crying emoji mean calm of like
wend of all people know when to wash
their face I know some of you out there
are going Ison and L that sweet yeah I'm
calling you out
don't feel bad I appreciate the extra
engagement but at the same time you know
a silly question how do you know when to
stop washing your face you hit hair yeah
how do I know when to stop washing my
face
I hit skull you know when I stop I know
where my my hair used to be that's when
you stop washing your face what if you
don't grow a beard oh how do I know when
to stop washing my face I'm down on my
neck now there's still no okay I'm you
know on my chest and stomach you know
you just wash your whole body
other people without a goatee know when
to stop washing their face that's what
you sound like me sound like freakin
idiots okay
stupid question when the ball people
know it is stop washing their face hey
when you wash yourself to use so for you
shampoo don't buy shampoo I don't have
hair when you if you have chest hair
what do you wash it with soap or shampoo
you're taking shampoo out putting it on
your chest hair makes you sound like a
freaking weirdo okay all of these
questions can be answered so easily
whatever a freaking weirdo would do I'll
do the opposite the Arctic Monkeys
b-sides collection okay
Vulcans will know when to stop washing
their hair is downright offensive
honestly I'm offended at least it's not
that it rattles me at all like I've I've
been bald for like straight-up a decade
more or less I don't get bald jokes
anymore which I mean I think that just
means I've aged when I was 19 I have all
jokes all the time you don't meet too
many 19 year old bald people you know is
it's a little on the unusual side and I
understand that but whatever it had one
friend and I'd still consider him a
friend of this day I have one friend who
would crack ball jokes all the time
they never bothered me but the fact that
he thought they were hilarious is what
bothered and he would laugh about it and
after like 20 ball jokes I'd be like you
they're not funny Oh triggered much it's
not a snowy it's just not fight as I
clever you're giving yourself credit for
having elicited a reaction that you
didn't elicit
tonight see I want to grab that it's the
thing you know a joke has to be clever
before you can be self-righteous about
somebody not laughing at it that's why
the concept of like an edge Lord exists
and why it's why it's something to you
know be dismissive of if somebody's just
they got on stage and they're like you
know hey my name is Nicholas I not going
to choose the name of someone I know
because I actually was not trying to pin
this on anybody they've you know get on
stage of the open mic hi my name is
Marcus and uh dead babies you know oh
wow
Oh what's the matter audience a might a
little too edgy for you
you can come you're expecting to see the
trees tonight you know it's just anyway
we're getting nothing too soon it's a
different table from the whole baldness
thing who's worth trying to get but
I'll give you a straight answer with the
respect that you did not give me all
people know when to stop washing their
face when they feel where their hair you
like despite the fact that I am bald
forgive me it's very hard to say despite
the fact that I involved
I still have hair like and I wish I did
I mean actually I can't like having a
little stubble to it I think it's just a
better look but it's not a better look
than that forever um like I can feel my
hairline it's bad I actually have OK
coverage I know that's something this is
like a stuffed bald guys say video idea
right here but like a good coverage is
just really thin but I've noticed that
it's been a couple times in the past
year so when I've gone like a week 8 9
10 days without shaving and I feel my
hair and I go oh that is not that is not
the kind of thickness that I'd be hoping
to get up there if I were ever going to
grow it back but you know when you shave
your head it doesn't just banish you
from ever having hair up there to begin
with it's like if you have stubble how
do you know when to stop shaving you end
up just shaving your whole body down to
the bone
now you go you know this is where my
facial hair is this is where I'm going
to shave it's just it this is the thing
the question doesn't bother me because
it's a fence question bothers me because
it's a stoker
but I digress I'm taking it too serious
I'll be coming now which I I'm falling
into the trap I guess I'm getting
Latrobe d800 James anyway
gets up in thank you Azazel with anti
grab is not a good combo all the time
but I'm hoping charge bars will help me
be a little bit more efficient with my
portals or my you know brimstone shots
and then that'll be a positive change
for me here but it can be good to begin
with good to great setting up this kind
of stats to get the real questions they
usually have for bald people you don't
know because you're not bald you haven't
lived that life how do you stop your or
if you want to let's start with the
punchline
why does so many bald people wear
headbands despite them not having been
in fashion for like 30 years if ever the
answer is because when you have hair and
you sweat your sweat gets in your hair
and it wicks it away from your you know
sensory organs like your eyes for
example when you're bald you don't have
that when you sweat all of it pours down
your forehead gets into your eyes makes
it hard to see its sting it's annoying
that's the purpose of the sweat thing
I'm not going to say there's not also a
fashion accessory because honestly I
don't know I've never actually worn a
sweat band in my life but instead I just
you know take a towel to the gym or you
know out with me if I'm biking or
running and you just got to rub your
head on myriad occasions because it's
getting to sweat everywhere
gross yeah I wish I wish they weren't so
I wish we could you know thermoregulate
without sweating
and tell me don't sweat is one of my
least favorite conversations on the
internet I don't really sweat but
actually you do but there are people
living zones yeah but you're not one of
them but a like a serious condition if
you can is wet like how is the inner
circle gonna sing a lalalala long to you
girl I'm gonna make you sweat
if sweating is something you do and if
you don't you gotta go to the ICU it
says a lot about me that the part of
that joke I'm most unhappy with is the
idea that you probably wouldn't be in
the ICU for not being able to sweat
unless it just popped up normally or
they popped up you know spontaneously
okay apparently I've lost all ability to
play Isaac like that guy spawned
off-center and he was shooting
off-center and I was losing my okay all
right I need people straight up you got
me if you dry and if you're dry then you
drink some wha October girl I'm gonna
make you sweat I'm sweating something
you doing and if you don't you should go
to that I see it's so good no I did but
I have two different girls to different
areas for the same line there so we
definitely should have used and are
going to use
Scottie's pause is it too much to ask
for that you just give me an easy win I
did it to myself here that's what really
hurts dude this as a little anti grab on
an episode in which you've already
managed to muster two losses like what
are you trying to pull here it's like
I'll only be satisfied if I at least
make the loft sort of tough on myself
and I'm making like a 90-minute eyes
GABA so I got C++ to spec god I wish I
could do my job faster it's like the
studies C++ faster learn more about the
STL algorithms like remove remove if
removed copy and don't forget about
everybody's favorite remove copy if I'm
not going to go any deeper than that
the joke has been made it's almost you
know acceptable I think I think even if
you don't know anything about what those
actually entail you can understand that
that is an absurd premise we can all
agree we had a fun time let's leave it
at that
why did I take anti-graft
start of the international player anthem
international players anthem music video
why did games I grabbed baby what so
type of textual girl agency here's a
number I mean starting to run on dry on
commentary here okay I have honestly to
tell you as well when you get a sunburn
on your head you're you feel like a
warmth in your skull it's freaking me
out I did I went to the bathroom you
know a few hours ago I look in the
mirror and I was like my face really red
what so what am I gonna die I was gonna
make it not because it would have been
if like it just would have been
insensitive it wasn't like a
controversial joke engine
all right adults say it but I just know
what advance that I'm you know
apologetic and invasion gonna say I look
like James Gandolfini and as I was
saying and I was like James II I'm
pleading died of a heart attack a few
years ago that's not a good thing you're
putting that evil on yourself for one
but also a little disrespectful to us
you know very well respected actor and
you know fathering house etc etc so
that's the that's a joke I don't know
what's sacred you people they made a
joke the other day I was in I was in the
battleground and was in the car with
somebody I don't remember who it was but
it was mouth Dan or office those videos
and they got shot and I said I felt like
Jackie Kennedy and everyone went whoa
it's like what is it that happened in
1965 or something like that
I'm not saying it's a good thing to joke
about I was kind of like t either this
is really going to get them clutching
their pearls I'll admit I was coming at
it from that angle to some extent but I
didn't expect that reaction I expected
like a you know hour / I'm going to hell
for the
sort of laughs you know where you go I'm
a terrible person but we can joke about
it I didn't realize that we're still
before the statute of limitations on on
the JFK assassination something that
happened before anybody in the videos
was even conceived and I guess you know
my mistake I mean I will say the
magnitude of the of the event does
influence the time it requires to tell
jokes term it like if your significant
other subs their toe and they're in pain
you can laugh I'm giving you permission
now you might not want to use that as
you're lying if you start laughing if
your wife or girlfriend does it so but
they're going to laugh soon as well
because the magnitude of the event is so
small that you can take amusement in it
immediately that's that's the science of
it obviously you know there are larger
events throughout human history that I
still think are not really joke about
right now unless you do it with a great
amount of tax because the misfire you
know just put eggs and closed egg on
your face and I would know okay I think
it's still kind of tasteless to tell a
bad joke about the apocalypse you can
tell a bad joke about the Titanic
sinking and everyone would be like I
take my kids to the show you tell a bad
joke about the apocalypse and it goes
wrong you're going to look like a fool
so I'm feeling that matters but I stand
up with you know making a joke about the
John F Kennedy assassination in my world
is still okay not to expand my god you
guys are monsters but
I meant maybe because I'm not from that
country but it seems okay to me I'm
willing to be lectured about it I'm
always willing to learn to be better to
gaze inwards and say it's okay and
there's a I hope it's still on Netflix
I'm not sure but there's a comedian
named Mike Birbiglia not everybody's
favorite I really like him it's kind of
like is it an inside baseball comedian
more of a storyteller really that if you
are involved in performance in any way I
think he's got some good intentions bone
Mo's if you will but he talks a lot in
his most recent special about you know
when you when you tell a joke somebody's
almost always the butt of the joke it's
almost impossible and I don't even think
it's necessarily a noble aspiration to
make a joke that is is not at anybody
else's expense
you've got to be responsible with with
how you use that power I try to do that
and because the John F Kennedy has been
dead for forty seven years I think it's
okay more than forty seven I don't know
that was just thinking of hitman which
is probably way worse than the original
joke in the first place anyway
now that we've pulled it back with a
little bit of a tie-in let's let's get
moving on this run flash floor
we've played admittedly pretty badly
what we need now is something to
compensate for anti grabs and we haven't
had it yet
anyway I'm recommending that specialist
what I'm trying to get or get act with I
think extra range would be nice a
ridiculous tier rate would be nice
absent these special features on the DVD
commentary cheese I don't know like
being guppy getting a lot of HP having a
spacebar item like shoopdawhoop pardon
me I don't I don't have anybody else
experience with this soda doesn't really
make me burp that much Oh what you're
immune to science now okay well it sort
of makes me burp sometimes when I drink
it too fast how does that make you feel
and none of this is worth me wanting to
do boss rush with anti-graft and such
terrible range we're going to leave but
you know what makes you burp like rating
absolutely I don't know why some reason
no apples are like you want to make me
burp just put an apple in chronic dude I
don't know what how that situation would
ever present itself if I eat an apple
drink a glass of water and then start
recording I'm going to have those
interior burps I don't it's nice so like
a soda burp is like gas that needs to
escape your body or your torso will
explode
the Apple burp is just like a nice like
I'm here and you're like hey thanks
Apple that's that was pleasant I'm not
saying is pleasure other people here but
it was pleasant 'add to be a part of so
we got Tammy's head which is of course
fantastic
like actually 12 out of 10 not great for
taking out the hush and that might be
where we hedge our bets a little bit
here but very very good for taking out
rooms on routes as a for the bosses and
possibly the boss for themselves if you
you know the cards fall where they may
like scolex is definitely beatable with
the attendees head case in point we
don't need to culture permanent polaroid
invincibility or anything so let's check
this out okay
yeah a very good Yaya bad guess are you
a wizard irrelevant mostly and we're
still thinking with Tammy Texas is the
greatest item you could possibly imagine
but if we can get Guffey then I might
consider doing the hush fight although
with such low range it's probably a jest
tip this is Susan rip you got a good
witch I'm just trying to get back to
that Bruce Springsteen voice that I had
one time talking about with Austin on
the Tuesday stream that we did at
twitch.tv slash northernlion guff snot
Guster but still everybody I think has
liked that one
knighted Kari well now everybody has
been to karaoke is decent number of
times has that one night when they were
really good when they're normally not
and every subsequent trip to karaoke is
just hope that you're drawing the right
cosmic dice to get back to I had one
time in Korea
I sang Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen
and I'm not it was like a sober karaoke
which is already a unicorn maybe that's
the secret right there but by the way
not a unicorn in South Korea it's weird
in the wake up mister West we have this
idea that you know you karaoke when
you're drunk because it gives you the
courage or at least the lack of caring
what other people think to really go all
out there like kids will just go to
karaoke in in South Korea there are
caves sometimes they have one person
karaoke booth and you just see like a
businessman in there belting out as a
favorite
you know kpop Valley it's super strange
but in a way kind of endearing you know
like they're in for the love of the game
I will never attain that level
let's go I will never attain that level
of either lack of self-consciousness or
just like genuine love of music maybe
are being participatory level or love of
music anyway point is one time sang Born
to Run I'm saying is a 10 out of 10
Bruce Springsteen it was probably like a
seven and a half versus the usual three
and ever and everyone was like that was
really good and normally it sucks so
what happened I don't know the answer
I've never been able to get back there
just one time the conditions were right
and I sang from the diaphragm and it
came to be and then it's gone you know
it's just a it's like there's always a
player in the NFL who has like a
breakout season and then disappears
right like the Rookie of the Year and
then they call sign for nine million
dollars and then they just suck from
that point onwards and that's me
at karaoke does anyone else have
sympathy for professional athletes hold
up I digress Steve what are you doing
steam still takes over like a lot of
power here weight comes on but here's
what I mean
well no disregard because what I was
going to say is like it's a lot of
pressure I think it it is obviously if
you're good at it and healthy being a
professional athlete is like one of the
best jobs in the planet you get paid
ridiculous sums of money to play a game
it sounds familiar I guess but um and
the it's not not to mention somehow in
our society that's considered like a
benefit for transitioning into other
parts of the world like no nine lives oh
thank god
like I swear to God if the 2012 2020 or
2024 American President presidential
election is between the rock and Peyton
Manning I'm going to I'm just going to
leave Earth hopefully Elon Musk will
have made that plausible by now and not
put a renegade AI on board his ship and
I will be like Elon let me onto the Mars
mission you'll be like what
qualifications do you have I'm just done
dude put me up there I'll find something
I'll sweep the floors I don't care I
can't deal with a Kid Rock versus Dwayne
the rock Johnson presidency okay anyway
but you get yelled at all the time by
idiots in in your professional sports
career lit do you ever you can't do it
because again there are also fans and
you shouldn't do this to begin with it's
a terrible look it's punching down to
the extreme whoever is like you know a
pole whores ed we're like both scored
more bad because you don't score very
much he ever just wants to go on the
audience and be like listen you fat
piece of garbage I'm out here I'm in the
gym 25 days every month the other five
days I'm out of you're playing hockey
for your amusement you ever realized
it's thinking of puck just sticking a
puck of the brain I'm doing my best with
a stick in the puck these guys are just
really good they practice all the time
like as hard as I do you're out of your
even your $12 nachos to shut up I'm 22
years old I always think about that like
my hometown is the junior hockey team
and people like get drunk at the games
and they heckle the people that are
playing you all he'll suck your speed
leave garbage and the tutor hockey
players like 15 what are you doing
anyway hey thanks for watching gets
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button helps out a great deal and
of course subscribe if you want to see
more in the future for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time